---
title: "Combiner Assembly"
date: 2020-06-15
tags: [CAD, solidworks, Wiring]
header:
  image: "/images/combiner.jpg"
excerpt: "RF combiner assembly with active cooling"
mathjax: "true"
---

I finished this model and drawing near the beginning of 2020. I tried a few different ways to create 3D wires for the RF parts of this assembly but nothing really came out looking that great.

I used splines at first to connect all the points up and get some estimates of the cable lengths but due to the curves it was quite a bit over what was requried in the end.

This is also the project that helped me discover a horrible bug in Solidworks. Using virtual parts can seem like a good idea at the time but ultimately it's never worth it. Pack & Go not only breaks the references but actually removes the virtual parts completely sometimes from the assembly. Virtual parts are just not worth using untill they can be relaible.



## Drawing

<embed allowfullscreen='true' src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/project files/Combiner/Combiner Assembly.pdf" type="application/pdf" width='100%' height='600'>

<div id="Combiner" style="width: 100%; height: 100%"></div>

<script src="/assets/js/pdfobject.js"></script>
<script>PDFObject.embed("/project files/Combiner/Combiner Assembly.pdf", "#Combiner");</script>


I'm pretty happy with how this drawing turned out. I made some adjustments from the feedback I got after a technician built one and that can be seen on the last page. The length's of the cables and how much to cut back each section is so much clearer to see then my original implemntaion. I tried to describe the amounts in detail views but it did just come across as quite messy. Sometimes simplicity is key in achieving a universally understandable drawing.

Why the line weights look weird on page seven I'm not sure but strangely the drawing prints fine. Might be another weird quirk of Solidworks.


## Model


<html>
  <iframe scrolling='no' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen='true' src='https://www.3dcontentcentral.com/external-site-embed.aspx?format=3D&catalogid=171&modelid=1353351&width=250&height=250&edraw=true' name='PreviewFrame3D' id='PreviewFrame3D' width='800' height='600'></iframe><br/><a href='https://www.3dcontentcentral.com/download-model.aspx?catalogid=171&id=1353351'>Download</a>
</html>
